INSTALLATION
============

REQUIREMENTS
------------

An apache/mysql/php5 stack with mod-rewrite enabled on the web
service. Egress has been developed and tested on linux only, thus far.
You will need 'short_tags' 'On' in your php.ini.

Needless to say, basic webserver management skills will come in quite
handy here. If you aren't comfortable with setting up and configuring
an apache webserver, performing basic mysql administration tasks, and
tweaking php installations, then this is probably going to be a bit
over your head. That said, if you dont have those skillsets, you are
probably already in over your head with opensim.


TO INSTALL
----------

Unpack the distribution into your web root. The pages can be served
directly from the web root if it's the only thing being served; if
not, you can set them in their own path (this may require a little
tweaking of the Codeigniter configuration to get perfect, but more on
that topic will follow soon). Egress can also be installed under a
user directory (e.g., /home/joe.user/public_html/), but this will
require that the apache module user_directory(sp?) be active. You need
everything in the distribution under Egress/.

Edit application/config/database.php and fill in your database
connection details for your opensim services database. This would be
your grid database for a robust install; this is the only
configuration that has been tested at present. We would be very
interested to hear whether Egress works with other configurations, or
barring that it works, what might be done to make it work with other
configurations.

You will also need to edit application/config/webmap_cfg.php and
insert your database connection details there, and
application/config/webmap_cfg.php to configure asset server URL and
set grid center coordinates (note map tiles do not work in standalone
yet).  The webmap also requires imagemagick (http://imagemagick.org)
and openjpeg (http://openjpeg.org) make sure both have their
executables in the windows PATH, in linux servers this is automatic,
and also in windows you will need to create a c:\tmp folder for full
functionality.

Be sure to restart the web server if you have to enable any modules.

You should now be able to access the app from a browser at
http://www.yourserver.com/index.php/,
http://www.yourserver.com/yourappfolder/index.php/, or
http://www.yourserver.com/~username/somepath/index.php/, depending on
how you set up the folders.


OPERATIONS

Operations is a very simple matter. Your grid admin (those with a user
level of 250), will also be an admin on the website. All avatars will
be able to log in on the website for purposes of accessing user
functions (map and password change only at present), and admins will
have the ability to manually reset passwords and other account
properties, and process the approval of pending  account requests (as
well as the typical user options).

Account requests can be submitted via a link on the 'splash' page.


TROUBLESHOOTING

The code that implements this web interface is very simple, very
straightforward, and written over a hand-holding framework that makes
straight the way for even a php novice like myself. Provided it is
properly configured to a properly configured opensim robust instance,
it should operate with next to no trouble. Most problems with such
applications arise from misconfigured dependencies (mysql user
permissions, missing or misconfigured apache modules, or missing
tweaks to the php.ini file). Another frequent source of trouble for
first-time installers of such applications especially is networking;
be sure that your apache server is responsive and reachable from your
client, and that your mysql server is responsive and reachable from
your apache server.


SUPPORT

Some limited support will be available via IRC on FreeNode IRC Network
channel #simhost. By limited I mean that some of the developers and
some of the users may be hanging out there, and we are a naturally
helpful bunch by predisposition; although your mileage may very
depending on the time of day and the preoccupation du jour of the
channel users. Best advice: Log in, say hello, ask a question *and
wait patiently for an answer*. Logging in, firing off a question, and
logging out is a sure way to avoid getting help.

Also, we the developers and contributors have a certain investment in
time in the code, so naturally we hope you can get it to work and get
some good use from it; however, as a more or less volunteer effort all
around, there are no guarantees that anyone at all will have time to
talk to you the moment you pop in, so patience is a key factor in
getting some help

THAT SAID - any developer or other contributors' needs for assistance
will take priority on the channel. This applies to all customers of
SimHost.com especially, for whom this software was developed directly,
and who support its continued development with their business (and in
some cases, donations ;).

